So this particular verse describes the importance of worshipping Devi. Without worshipping her, it is difficult to attain Moksha. It is told in Devi Mahatmya that Even the greatest of Rishis get infatuated. They get into illusion. They are submissive to the power of Maya. So it is important to worship her to get liberated. Katham akrita punya prabhavati it is told in this particular verse. Without meritorious act, how one can worship her? That means it is only by the grace of Devi that we are able to worship her. We need the grace of Devi to even to worship, even to praise her, even to prostrate her, even to think about her. Amma tells a small story. See, when one wants to go to a house, there is a board outside. Careful of the dogs. Be careful about the dogs. So he understands that there is a dog inside or there are many dogs inside. The house owner is growing pet dogs. They may bite you sometimes. So he telephones him. And asks him to tie up the dogs. And then he enters the house. Then he is not bitten by them. So similarly, the illusionary power of Devi is great. It can make a great person also. He can be disturbed by the power of illusion. So it is better to surrender to Devi so that the illusion does not affect him. Jnaninam abhijayadam si durga bhagavati hisa. Balad agarsya mahaya maha maya paracchati. It says that even the greatest of persons are suffering by the illusion of Devi. It is told in Bhagavad Gita that Daivihyesha gunamayi mamamaya duratthaya mamayavayya prabadyante maya metam tarantite. This means the illusionary power of Devi is great. One who surrenders to the Lord, is not affected by that illusion. He escapes that process. So when we enter the house with the permission of the house owner, we are not afflicted by the sufferings of the pet animals or the dogs etc. So similarly, here, Pranam tum stotam va katham akrita punya. It is told. One who is not worshipping Devi, will be afflicted by the illusionary power of Devi also. So we need the grace of Devi to worship her. So it tells about the highest power that exists in the universe. Under her, the Panchakrityas or the five elements, the five activities happen. So it is important to worship the highest power in the universe. So that we are not afflicted by the powers of Devi. We get liberated. So one who is a Mokshaichu or one who is interested in liberation, one who is interested in the self-realization, he must worship Devi. This is the general sense of this particular sloka. There are many meanings. You can give a gross meaning. You can go to subtler meanings. The Paramartha or the ultimate meaning also can be explained. It is also, there are meanings. Mantra. Mantra meanings. These words are all constructed by mantras. I will explain it later with examples. Each letter is composed. When we unknowingly chant also, we happen to get the benefit of chanting mantras. They are all called as, they are encapsulated with mantras. So there can be, the meaning of the particular sloka can be explained in multiple levels. It is called as Thula, gross meaning. Sukshma, subtler meanings. Paramartha, ultimate meaning. Just Moksha. Mantraarthas, it can be explained through mantras. There are, there are 30 different meanings. There are 36 explanations for Santhal Lahari. One of them described, one of them is written by a Vaishnava. He does not consider this, these slogas to be Devi Para or written on Devi. Instead, it is Vaishnava explanations are given. The deity in this particular sloka is considered as Krishna by him. So there can be multiple meanings. The general meaning is, the very general and gross meaning I have explained for this particular sloka.