The first verse is like this. It is very popular. This is the verse. The brief meaning of this is like this. When united with Devi, when he is united with Shakti, Shiva is able to perform his duty. Shaktaprabhavitam, it is told that only then he will be able to act. Nache devam devo nakhalukushalaspanditum avi. Otherwise, nache devam, otherwise. Devo nakhalukushalaspanditum avi. He is not even able to move. Atastvam aradhyam. That is why you are the Aaradhya Devi. You are the Devi to be worshipped. Hari Hara Virincha Adi Bhirapi. Even the Tripurtis, Hari, Hara and Virinchi, who is Brahma, Virincha Adi. It is told there are 32 crores of Devatas, Indra, Yama, Varuna, Agni, Vayu, etc. etc. Even they are not able to move, they are not able to perform their duties, they are not able to act. Pranam Tum Stotamva, how can one worship you? How can one prostrate you? Stotamva, how can he praise you? By hymns. Katham Akrita Punya Prabhavati, one who has not done meritorious acts in hundreds of births, without that they will not be able to praise you nor able to worship you nor able to prostrate you. So this is the very brief meaning. Even the Lord Shiva who is considered as the highest of the Devatas will not be able to perform without your power, without your grace. When he is not united with you, he is unable to perform any duties. That is why you are worshipped by all the Devi Devas, Devi Devatas Like Indra, Varuna, Yama, Shiva, Vishnu, Brahma, without doing meritorious act in their previous birth, it is impossible to worship you. you, it is impossible to worship you by body, by mind and by the organ of speech. They will not be able to praise you, they will not be able to think you, think about you, they will not be able to prostrate you by body, they will not be able to serve you also. So, the The first sloka or the first verse tells the importance of being pure, doing meritorious acts, acquiring Punya in many births, only then will we be able to worship Devi. A person who is impure in thoughts, deeds and words will not be able to worship Devi. The word Shiva comes from the root vashi, akarshan, attracting, etc. There are many meanings in Sanskrit. One word will be used in multiple senses. It is told in the Shakta Tantras or in the texts which describe the worship of Devi that Devi gives birth to Lord Shiva. There are five acts in the universe, Srishti or creation, Stheti, maintenance, Samhara, destruction, Tirodhana or the illusionary power, Anugraha or the power to bless one and liberate him from the cycle of births and deaths. So, these are all the Panchakritya. It is told in all the Shatras and Santras, Devi is the Panchakritya Parayana. There is a name in Dalitasa asana telling that she is Panchakritya Parayana who does all the five karmas, five actions of the universe. So here the word Shiva means the person, one who destroys. Brahma creates. Vishnu sustains. And Ishwara is the illusionary power. Sadashiva is the person who blesses and liberates one one from the birth and death. So here it is told that without the power of Devi, the Shiva is unable to perform this action. It is further described in the upcoming slokas. It is told told that when Devi signals, the five Devatas perform their actions like creation, destruction and sustenance etc. So they acquire their power from Devi. This is how the first sloka describes there is an incidence which I will describe now once there was a conference of the Vedic pundits in in Trichy which was led by Kanchi Paramacharya Shri Chandrashekharendra Saraswati it was a Vedic the subject was about Vedas. So, the first day, as usual, there should be a prayer, the convocation should be, I mean, the prayer should be there to begin the program. There is a lighting ceremony and Panchaparamacharya or Chandrashekhar and Saraswati himself was present. And there were many scholars, Jnana parties who were experts in Vedas. There was one great scholar in Trichy who was 80 years old. Paramacharya noticed that he has not come for the program. He enquired about that, why he has not come. He is a very good scholar and he should be present when we start the program. It was It was the time to start the program but Kanchipuramacharya wanted the other scholar to come and he delayed the program because he was such an important person. So that Ganapati also was, somebody went in search of him and he went to his house. they found that this person was having asthma and was very old and he could not come they told that Paramacharya wanted him to participate in the program he said I am sick I am unable to chant chant the Vedas because I am having severe wheezing. Because the pontiff or the Paramacharya wanted him to come, he agreed to come to the venue. He came to the venue and expressed his disability to chant Vedas because he was very old, was also sick, was also having wheezing. So, Paramacharya said, even if you are not able to chant the Vedas, it doesn't matter. You tell some sloka from Sandal Lahari. So, he agreed to that and chanted this particular verse. and the program went on well and this person went back to his home after some time Kanchi Paramacharya asked. See, it is regularly, it is the custom to start a Vedic conference with Vedic chanting. Now he has done a chanting of a particular sloka from Saundarya Lahari. So he asked the scholars what they think about it, whether they think that it is right or wrong what is your opinion about starting the program with the sound there because it was not the custom so everybody kept quiet because they didn't know exactly the answer sir. In the end, Shankaracharya himself explained that there is a particular portion in the Rudra, yate shivatanuhu shivavishvahabhyashaji, like this it goes, tayanom rida jivase, it It ends like this. It means, without Shakti, the Shiva cannot exist. He is not able to live. It is a symbolic representation. So, without Shakti, the Shiva is unable to perform. He is unable to exist. So, this is the meaning. So, the very same meaning is expressed by Shankaracharya in a poetical way. So, that is why it is nothing wrong, there is no difference in the thoughts of Shankaracharya and Vedas. Vedas because the Vedartha is being expressed in a different way or the meaning of the Vedas are expressed in a different way by Shankaracharya. So everybody were happy and everybody accepted that because the Pandit could not chant the Vedas. He was having breathlessness. So Shankaracharya accepted the Sandalahari Slogan to be the prayer song of the whole conference. So, this tells the importance of Saundarya Lahiri. It is not different from Vedas. It is not different from the Vedarthas. The same ideas are conveyed in a poetical way by Adi Shankara. So, Devi is responsible for Srishti, creation, Sthiti, sustenance. Sambhara, dissolution, Chirodhana, illusion, and Anugraha, and the power to liberate. So she is the most powerful goddess who can liberate one from the cycle of birth and death. I remember another incidence incidents where the same thing happened. Amma had a public program in Kottayam long back, very long back. At the time, persons from different status of the society were present. present. There was a Bishop, there were Sanyasins, Mayors, political people, etc. And this stage was decorated by a great Yogi who is called as Malliur Shankaran Nambodiri. He was also very old he was also having a same problem using problem thousands of people were gathered and Malia number three was invited for the program was was very old, he was not able to walk. Still because Amma was coming for the program, Amma was conducting her program, so he agreed to come. He is a great scholar in Bhagavata, used to read Bhagavata and explain Bhagavata and respected by thousands of people. At that point he was unable to speak he was having missing problems so he was brought to the stage and he was asked to speak a few words and he started his speech with the So, and briefly explained the greatness of Devi in few words and departed from the stage because he was sick. That also gave a lot of color to the program. A great devotional spirit was conveyed because it was conveyed from a person who was a great sadhaka, great seeker. So in this particular sloka also the five krityas or the five activities are done by Devi. It is impossible for a person who is not qualified enough, who has not done meritorious acts in hundreds of births to worship, to praise or think about Devi. Yadiva Paschimam Janma Yadiva Shankaraswayam So, if he has not done, if it is not his last birth or one who is not a Lord Shiva himself, will he be able to worship Devi? There are three types of worships, Kaiga or the worship by body like prostrating by cleaning the temple etc. by doing pujas to the Devi which is done by the physical body or Vachika Vajika, writing poetry, singing the glories of Devi, it is called as Vajika worship or the worship by the organ of speech or by mind, by thinking, by contemplating on Devi, it It is impossible to worship her without doing meritorious acts in hundreds of birth.