The second verse of Saundar Lahari is like this. The second verse describes the greatness of the lotus feet of Mother. It is told that the holy dust from the lotus feet of Mother has such a power. Applying that, the Lord Brahma creates the universe. He does it meticulously. Avikalam means without mistake. So, Devi is supposed to be in the Sripura. Sumeru. It is told in Dalita Saraswati Nama. Which means that she resides in the Srinagara with all her devatas. Chaturthi Koti yoginis are serving her. 64 crores of great yoginis are serving Devi. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, she is the queen of the universe. Once she happened to walk and Brahma was standing on the way and he prostrated her and collected the holy dust from the lotus feet of Mother. The tiniest part of it is enough. Taniyamsa means a very little part of it. Very little portion of the holy dust of the Mother gives the power to Brahma who creates this universe meticulously. Virachayati Lokan Avikalam. Virinches Sanchindan means he collected the dust and then created this universe without any mistake. Perfectly. The sun rises, the moon rises. The sun rises. Day and nights pass away. There are rivers. There is sky. The pancha maha bhutas are the five elements. Work in a perfect way. There is rain. There is wind. There is sky. There is sound. There is fire. Everything works in a perfect way because there is fire. Everything works in a perfect way because there is a lot of creation. The Lord of creation or the Brahma created them perfectly with the grace of Mother by applying the holy dust from her lotus feet. He created this universe in a perfect way. Vahatyayanam saurikathamapisagasara is the next line. The Mahavishnu also saw that and he also did the same thing. He also collected the holy dust from the lotus feet. The Holy dust from the mother's lotus feet. And then he sustains, he preserves this universe. Yet also in a perfect way. He had to have a thousand heads. It is told that Vahatyayanam saurikathamapisahasrayanasarasaa. Because of the grace of Mother, he somehow manages to preserve or conserve this universe. That is the first line. The second line. The third line. The fourth line. The fifth line. The fifth line. The fifth line. He preserves this universe. Harasamshudhyayinam bhajati basito dholanavidhim. The Lord Shiva, he saw this happening. He saw that the universe is preserved. The universe is created perfectly. He was afraid of his duty. Oh! I am going to destroy this universe. So he also sought the help of Devi. He collected the Holy dust and then mixed it with his Holy ashes. Then applied thoroughly in his body. And then he was also able to perform his duty. This sloka indicates that the Srishti, Sthiti and Samhara, creation, sustenance, as well as, destruction, these great works, are being done by Brahma, Vishnu and Maheshwara. Due to the grace of Mother. There is a great power that emanates from the Holy dust of Mother. It is told that there are 14 worlds. Bhur, Bhuvaha, Suvaha, Ahaha, Janaha, Tapo, Satyaloka, Atala, Vithala, Sutala, Rasatala, Paatala, Mahatala, etc. There are 14 worlds. They are being created, sustained and destructed by the Trimurtis. So, there is a practical application of these slokas also. In every Saundarya Lahiri book you will find the Prayogasastra. Or how to apply this sloka. They are tantra paras. They are to be worshipped in a particular way. To attain certain benefits. So this sloka, they say there is a method. There are some Devi Pujas. Or practical methods to attain the grace of Mother. Divine Mother. It is told in Devi Mahatma that All the women are to be considered as a different form of Devi. If the women are pleased, Devi also will be pleased. Every being is a part of Devi. So, there is a special Puja or a form of worship to please Devi. To get the grace of Devi. So, there is a special Puja or a form of worship to please Devi. To get the grace of Devi. The women, or they are called as Sumanigalis. Or they are called as Sumanigalis. Who are not widows or chosen for this particular Puja. They are called to the house of the person who is worshipping. They are to be pleased by donating them good clothes, clothes, jewels. They are to be given good food. They are to be rested in their houses. In a particular time they will be called to come into the house. In the path the worshipper will throw some nice sands, smooth sands and they will walk over them. The woman, the Sumangalis will walk over them. Later on the dust will be collected. They will be kept in a golden vessel and worshipped by flowers, by akshathas, by offering fruits and then this holy dust will be applied on them. It says that the person who is worshipping in this manner will become popular. He will have a lot of fame. He will have a lot of money. He will become prosperous and whoever worships these holy feet, whoever worships the holy dust from the feet of the Holy Mother will become popular and will become popular. Prosperous will become successful. This is a method. A number of times this particular sloka, Taniyamsam Pamsan will be chanted. Particular diagrams are there. They are to be worshipped. The methods are to be learnt from a Guru. Whoever worships the holy feet of Devi with devotion and whoever surrenders to the holy feet of Mother will become popular and will become successful. It is the very brief meaning of this particular sloka. Thiruvananam.