The third verse from Saundarya Lahari is like this The very general meaning of this is like this. It is imagined that the sun is rising. from an island in the sea. It looks as if like that. In fact, the sun does not rise or go away. The earth is rotating around this. So we are able to see the sun and during night we are unable to see from a particular position. But it is a poet's imagination that that it rises as if from an island. So for those who are ignorant, who are immersed in avidya, who are afflicted by raga, dvesha, madha, malsadya, krodha and the other impurities of mind, Their ignorance prevails. The ignorance is more. They are unable to understand the real truth, the real nature of the universe. For them, Devi is the rising sun. The ignorance cannot be destroyed destroyed by sword or by gun, you cannot wipe it out also. A light has to come, the Jnana Deepa or the light of knowledge has to occur. Only by the knowledge can we destroy the ignorance. ignorance. So, Devi is the rising sun. Once the sun rises, the night disappears. There can be no darkness. You need not wipe out the darkness, but the brightness of sun will remove the darkness. So, Devi is the rising sun who destroys the ignorance of illusion of Maya. So, she is the rising sun who destroys the avidya or the lack of knowledge. There seems to be three types of ignorance. Anabamala, mayamala, karmamala. Anabamala means we always is think that we are this body which is limiting the self. Karmamala means those wrong ideas that come out of our actions. Mayamala is the illusion. So all the three malas are removed by, all the three impurities of mind are removed by Devi. There is a flower, there are a bunch of flowers in which there is honey, the nectar or the the nectar of knowledge or the nectar of immortality. So those who are immersed in ignorance, those who are jada, those who are like a rock, whose mind is not melt by the devotion, hard hearted people. For them, Devi is the nectar of immortality. She is like a bunch of flowers which are filled with the nectar of immortality there is a stone wish-fulfilling stone a person who is ignorant one who is poor one who is suffering by poverty if he gets the the Chintamani stone or he gets the wish-fulfilling stone, he gets everything that he needs. His poverty is immediately washed away. Janma Jaladhau Nimagranam, those who are immersed in the Samsara or the cycle of birth and death, she becomes the Varaha, she becomes the incarnation incarnation of Lord Vishnu who raised the earth from the sea. So this is the basic idea of this particular sloka, I will briefly explain it. The first example given in this particular sloka is the rising sun. sun. She is like the rising sun. She is like the island where the sun rises. That means we are afflicted with ignorance. The fundamental error that we make is we think that this is the body. I am the body. It is told. We limit ourselves to the particular body. We are unable to understand the everlasting eternal consciousness that is present within us. We are never identified with that particular consciousness. So, we always think that I am this body. Hence, the chain of mistakes we commit. We are attached with this body. We are attached with all the actions. We are not having the right knowledge. The illusion covers our knowledge. There is an example given in the Bhagavad Gita. If there is a dust in the mirror. It does not reflect the image that is shown to it. Sometimes a diamond is covered with the dust and we are unable to see the diamond behind it. We think that it is a it is a stone so there is a story by Ramakrishna Paramahamsa a lady lived in a small hut she had a son once the son went into the forest and he found a round stone covered by dust so he he thought he will play with that and he brought it as a small boy he brought it to the home and he was playing with that he did not know that it is a diamond because it is covered with dust so the lady also did not realize At that point a merchant, a vegetable merchant came there and he saw a beautiful stone and a small boy is playing with that. He thought that he will take that stone with him. He requested the lady to give the stone and the lady asked what is the price he will give. he said four pieces of brinjal he will give and nothing more and the lady did not agree to that and that fellow went away because that merchant also did not know the value of the particular stone many people came there a fish merchant came he also offered some fishes the lady refused to give later on a diamond merchant came and he scratched that particular stone and understood that it's a very valuable diamond. The same way in the discussion the dialogue went between the merchant and the woman and he offered her a million rupees. At that point the lady started thinking why should he give a million rupees to It is a small stone. So she understood that it is a diamond. So similarly, we also do not realize. We think that we are this particular body and hence all the chain of mistakes that we commit happens. Once we realize that we are not this body, we are the Atman or the self or the consciousness, universal consciousness, we will be able to respect the greatness of our body. So, here Devi becomes the power to remove our ignorance and to throw the light of knowledge in our minds. So, this is told in the first line, Avidyanam antasthimiramihiradvipanagari. She is She is the rising sun who dispels the darkness in our minds, who dispels the avidya or the wrong conception of this universe. The next line says that she is the nectar of immortality. She is the flower bunch in which the honey or the nectar containing the knowledge of the Self remains. So generally the people are devoid of, people are lacking devotion. We are like stones. stones, the softness or the devotional aspect is lacking in all of us. In most of us, very rarely people are having real devotion. Lot of people come to Amma, they all are coming with lot of expectations. Somebody wants a job, somebody wants to get cured of an illness, somebody has a court case which has to be solved somebody has a family problem there are a list of things that we demand to the Lord or Amma God not all the time that God is able to solve our problems in the same way that we like to have sometimes we are cured of illnesses sometimes we are not but for everyone who come to who are surrendering to Lord will be given devotion they will develop love towards the Lord it is told Amma also tells that we have to worship the great qualities of God. It is called as Kalyanagunas, serving the Kalyanagunas. In Ramayana, Valmiki Maharshi asks Narada, This means, is there any person in the world who is having the great qualities, like truthfulness, one who follows the Dharma, one who is very stern in all his policies, like that he goes on telling about 16 great qualities. Is there any person who is possessing all these good qualities? Now Narada Maharshi replies him, he tells 16 qualities. Later on, he describes 64 qualities. He says that even today, Today, Valmiki is a contemporary person of Rama, Sri Rama. He says, Valmiki Maharishi says that Rama possesses 16, why 16? There are 64 qualities he describes. It is called as Kalyana Gunas, qualities of a person. And then whoever worships Rama slowly possesses all these qualities. So worshipping Lord means that you have to worship the qualities of Lord. You have to practice the values that the Lord practices. Amma also says that if you want to worship Rama, you have to become Rama. Only then you will be able to understand him fully. You will be able to get the grace of God fully. So here, initially when we come to Amma, we may not understand much. She looks like any one of us. But slowly we start observing her great qualities. She forgives the mistakes of others. she loves everybody whoever come whoever comes in contact with her she suffers her now so slowly we understand the greatness of Amma we worship her qualities and then slowly we try to imbibe the qualities of Amma. Initially, we come with colored dresses. Most of us be like a normal person who lives in this society. Then we start wearing white dress because Amma wears white dress. We start wearing Rudraksha because she wears Rudraksha. We say Namashivaya. Maybe in the beginning we used to say hello or something. When we take the phone, we say Namashivaya. When we see someone, we wish Namashivaya. Whatever qualities that Amma possesses, she prostrates before sitting down, we also do the same. She sings bhajans, we also sing the bhajans, we also sing bhajans. So, it's not an imitation, but we like to follow the great qualities or any quality unknowingly by observing, by living with Amma. so those who are very hard in their hearts jadas whose hearts cannot be melt they also become devotional they also taste the sweetness of mother's heart that is the meaning of the second second line of this particular verse, who are stuck by poverty, luckless people, you know, whatever they do that becomes a failure. There is no success. Something is lacking in them so that they cannot become successful. They suffer by poverty, they suffer by diseases. diseases. For them, she becomes a Chintamani stone, a wish-fulfilling stone. Whatever they wish, once they worship Devi, that becomes a good fruit, they become successful, their efforts become successful. It is told that whoever worship Lord Krishna, whoever is taking efforts will be able to be prosperous, will be able to become successful. The divine grace grace as well as effort are required to become successful. Here, the Devi's grace makes him successful. dharidrāṇāṁ cintāmaṇi guṇiṇikā janma-jalatavati magrāṇāṁ damśra-muraripuva-rāhasya-bhavati There is a story being briefly told in this particular line. Once there was an Asura. Asura, Hiranyaksha. He was very powerful. He was a great tapasvi. He will hide the whole universe under the sea and Lord Vishnu took an incarnation of a Varaha or a pig with a special tooth and he killed that particular Asura, Hranyaksha and then lifted that earth from sea in a very easy manner. So similarly a person who is suffering from poverty, who is suffering from failures in life, she becomes like like the Varaha, which lifted the earth from the crutches of Hiranyaksha and then brought back to the normal state. So, Devi's grace, Devi's grace helps a person to get rid of the poverty, he becomes devoid of failures and unsuccessful career it becomes a person to be respected by he He is respected by all. So this is the content of this particular shloka. Once we start worshipping Devi, this also describes the greatness of the paada dhuli or the holy dust of Devi's feet. The ignorance is removed. She's like the rising sun. She's like the honey which is acquired from, honey of immortality acquired from knowledge. She's like the Varaha. She's like the incarnation incarnation of Vishnu who lifted the earth from the depth of ignorance. So this describes how we can slowly come out of our ignorance, come out of poverty, come out of unsuccessful careers, etc. The importance of worshipping the dust is described in the second verse as well as the third verse.